[OSDOCS#16946]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114626)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/persistent_storage/persistent-storage-nfs.adoc

toc::[]

{product-title} clusters can be provisioned with persistent storage
using NFS. Persistent volumes (PVs) and persistent volume claims (PVCs)
provide a convenient method for sharing a volume across a project. While the
NFS-specific information contained in a PV definition could also be defined
directly in a `Pod` definition, doing so does not create the volume as a

> distinct cluster resource, making the volume more susceptible to conflicts.

Reviewer: why was this removed?

Reviewer 2: [Text is now present](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/114626/changes#diff-62b59f30fa7cb42c19e11d1fc91fd5fa969704add679e7e18d4571a0293f6024R8-R12). Split into two paragraphs to meet short description character limit

> {product-title} clusters can be provisioned with persistent storage using NFS. Persistent volumes (PVs) and persistent volume claims (PVCs) provide a convenient method for sharing a volume across a project. While the NFS-specific information contained in a PV definition could also be defined directly in a `Pod` definition, doing so does not create the volume as a distinct cluster resource, making the volume more susceptible to conflicts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can provision {product-title} clusters with persistent storage using NFS. 

Persistent volumes (PVs) and persistent volume claims (PVCs) provide a convenient method for sharing a volume across a project. While the NFS-specific information contained in a PV definition could also be defined directly in a  pod definition, doing so does not create the volume as a distinct cluster resource, making the volume more susceptible to conflicts.
```
